No.6 - Violet Green and Red

It was painted in 1951 by famous Russian-American abstract expressionist Mark Rothko. 
It was bought by Russian billionaire Dmitry Rybolovlev from Yves Bouvier, 
who later reportedly fell into trouble in a string of international lawsuits 
due to misrepresenting the works and overcharging them. 
This painting sold to Rybolev was originally bought for roughly half the price, 
with Bouvier keeping the difference.

Wasserschlangen - sorry if I'm pronouncing it wrong, I don't know any german

Wasserschlangen translates to ‘water serpents’. 
Painted by Gustav Klimt, a popular Austrian painter, it features some gold leaf elements. 
This painting was also sold to Dmitry Rybolovlev by Yves Bouvier. 
Rybolovlev also reportedly owned the most expensive painting in the world – the Salvator Mundi. 
This painting originally belonged to a Viennese silk factory owner, but was later seized by the Nazis 
and then finally to Gustav’s alleged illegitimate child, Gustav Ucicky before it was sold

Le fam di Algi

This unique painting by Pablo Picasso was bought by the Qatari royal family in 2015.
This version is one in a 15-piece collection owned by the Ganz family.
The picture is representative of Algerian concubines in their harem with a hookah used to smoke hashish or opium.
This particular painting is considered the masterpiece in the series. 
Christie’s calls this painting a phenomenon, with its references to Cubism,
a response to the artist Delacroix’s work as well as an echo of Matisse’s work.
It’s almost considered a new style of painting.

nu coush

Sold in 2015, this particular nude painting was first shown to the public in 1917.
After a few hours of its debut, the French police had to intervene as it was termed as obscene by many visitors.
It is just one of a collection of popular nude paintings by Modigliani. 
It was sold to the Chinese billionaire Liu Yiqian for $170.4 million in 2015.

https://www.luxhabitat.ae/the-journal/top-10-most-expensive-paintings-in-the-world/?fbclid=IwAR05vnHVYKmnK4D8MM_TPamuL7QffqC0GtpxJRximtlJfuOrPJlxmu5g3RU