Neuralink Corporation is a neurotechnology company developing implantable brain–machine interfaces (BMIs)
and founded by Elon Musk and 8 other partners. Neuralink was launched in 2016 and was first publicly reported in March 2017.
In April 2017, Neuralink announced that it was aiming to make devices to treat serious brain diseases in the short-term,
with the eventual goal of human enhancement, sometimes called transhumanism.
Since its founding, the company has hired several high-profile neuroscientists from various universities.
By July 2019, it had received $158 million in funding (of which $100 million was from Musk) 
and was employing a staff of 90 employees.
Musk has said lots of things about his company for example that Neuralink’s devices could enable “superhuman cognition,”
enable paralyzed people to operate smartphones or robotic limbs with their minds someday, and “solve” autism and schizophrenia.
All of that is yet without evidence

The probes, are inserted into the brain through an automated process performed by a surgical robot that they've developed. 
Each probe consists of an area of wires that contains electrodes capable of locating electrical signals in the brain,
and a sensory area where the wire interacts with an electronic system that allows amplification of the brain signal. 
Each probe contains 48 or 96 wires, each of which contains 32 independent electrodes,
making a system of up to 3072 electrodes per formation.
composed mostly of a biocompatible material, with a thin gold or platinum conductor.

Neuralink says they have developed a robot capable of rapidly inserting many flexible probes into the brain, 
which may avoid the problems of tissue damage associated with larger and more rigid probes.
This robot has an insertion head with a 40 μm diameter needle made of tungsten-rhenium
made to transport and insert individual probes. The robot is capable of inserting up to six wires (192 electrodes) per minute.

Neuralink has developed an Application-Specific Integrated Circuit (ASIC) to create a 1,536-channel recording system.
It's kind of difficult to explain how it works but It aims to convert information obtained from neurons
into an understandable binary code in order to achieve greater understanding of brain function
and the ability to stimulate these neurons back. Currently, electrodes are still too big to record the firing of individual neurons, 
so they can record only the firing of a group of neurons; 
Neuralink representatives believe this issue might get mitigated algorithmically, 
but it's computationally expensive and does not produce exact results.

Basically the monkey, she's called Pager, had two Neuralink devices implanted in his brain six weeks ago in an area called motor cortex
which coordinates hand and arm movement. And in the first half, the monkey learned how to use the joystick in exchange for banana smoothie
and Neuralink recorded its brain activity. And later, the monkey learned how to move the cursor, or MindPong without the joystick.

This is a great example for how the technology can be used because Musk announced that The first Neuralink product will enable someone 
with paralysis to use a smartphone with their mind faster than someone using thumbs and that the
Later versions will be able to shunt signals from Neuralinks in brain to Neuralinks in body motor/sensory neuron clusters,
thus enabling, for example, paraplegics to walk again.
