https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleep_apnea
Another sleep disorder is sleep apnea which causes pauses in breathing
or periods of shallow breathing during sleep occur more often than normal.
Each pause can last for a few seconds to a few minutes and they happen many times a night.

In the most common form, this follows loud snoring.
There may be a choking or snorting sound as breathing resumes.
Because the disorder disrupts normal sleep, those affected may experience sleepiness or feel tired during the day.
In children, it may cause hyperactivity or problems in school.
Treatment may include lifestyle changes, mouthpieces, breathing devices, and surgery.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sleepwalking
Sleepwalking, is a phenomenon of combined sleep and wakefulness.
It occurs during slow wave sleep stage, in a state of low consciousness,
with performance of activities that are usually performed during a state of full consciousness. 
These activities can be as benign as talking, sitting up in bed, walking to a bathroom, consuming food, and cleaning,
or as hazardous as cooking, driving a motor vehicle, violent gestures and grabbing at hallucinated objects.

The sleepwalker's eyes are open but may appear as a glassy-eyed stare or blank expression and pupils are dilated. 
They are often disoriented, consequent to awakening: the sleepwalker may be confused and perplexed,
and might not know why or how they got out of bed
There are varying degrees of amnesia associated with sleepwalking, ranging from no memory at all, vague memories or a narrative.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Narcolepsy
Narcolepsy is a long-term neurological disorder that involves a decreased ability to regulate sleep-wake cycles. 
Symptoms often include periods of excessive daytime sleepiness and brief involuntary sleep episodes. 
About 70% of those affected also experience episodes of sudden loss of muscle strength, known as cataplexy.

Less commonly, there may be vivid hallucinations or an inability to move (sleep paralysis) while falling asleep or waking up. 
People with narcolepsy tend to sleep about the same number of hours per day as people without, 
but the quality of sleep tends to be lessened.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insomnia
Insomnia, also known as sleeplessness, is a sleep disorder in which people have trouble sleeping.
They may have difficulty falling asleep, or staying asleep as long as desired.
Insomnia is typically followed by daytime sleepiness, low energy, irritability, and a depressed mood.

It may result in an increased risk of motor vehicle collisions, as well as problems focusing and learning.
Conditions that can result in insomnia include psychological stress, chronic pain, heart failure, heartburn or restless leg syndrome
Insomnia can be short term, lasting for days or weeks, or long term, lasting more than a month.